a bit of an amusing moment yesterday
with the ladies of the view in
particular fan favorite here Whoopi
Goldberg opining on who should baby be
Surgeon General of the United States
let's take a listen and dr. Jill becomes
the Surgeon General Joe Biden's wife I
see that you know he would never do it
but she it's yes she's a hell of a
doctor she's an amazing doctor and I
could be wrong she's she's a teacher but
you know dr. Jill is a doctor a PhD she
has a doctorate of Education and
educational leadership from the
University of Delaware which he earned
in 2007 it's very impressive was on
student retention at the Community
College my mom also has a PhD in
education so there's not a draw a drag
on doctorates and haters there you go
interest maybe there's something there
to be written about rising is written
but probably not the right choice for a
surgeon job that type of doctor it's
also just like a level of of course last
week we covered the aggressive interview
that Whoopi had of Bernie you know
berating him about why he doesn't get
out of the race and he's hurting Joe the
same way he hurt Hillary etc and I guess
this is the flip side of that coin the
sort of fawning treatment of the entire
Biden family apparently to include dr.
jelly is a very impressive woman nothing
against her but I don't think you're the
top pick for Surgeon nothing against
Jill Biden it's gorgeous
I mean it more just shows you how far
they will crawl up you know to through
these politician instead go back oh
she's such an amazing doctor such I'm in
Psych and when she interviewed Sanders
and she was like I mean will people girl
were turning into 60 Minutes interview
were apparently why didn't you drop out
that hit her Tillery like barking it I
mean I felt bad for the guy because it
was like here's like for the fourth time
I mean it was so clear that she had an
agenda
going into it I thought it was pretty
disgraceful the way that was treated and
just in general you should never invite
somebody on your program if you're gonna
treat them that way but again I mean it
just shows you the view
is watched by millions of people yeah
that is exactly the type of political
bent and heft that you can get whenever
you're in establishment candidate and
all of this is worth hundreds of
millions of dollars in free air time an
entire captive group of audience they
just get this on the vast propaganda
from people who are not very smart and
that's the most disgraceful part of it
that is part of it is like the mass
slips and you can kind of see how little
thought or preparation goes into any of
this and they get paid so much money to
be thoughtful about politics like it's a
huge responsibility they have a massive
massive platform if tons of money behind
them
every resource that they could possibly
want and this shows just the the very
thin level of thought preparation etc
that goes into it and the level of
confidence though the the confidence is
like way up here the level of knowledge
and thought it's you know she's an
amazing doctor she says knowing
absolutely literally nothing about it
gotta love that I do really yeah and I
think it bears repeating and really
dwelling on it's like this is the
critical thought of people who have some
of the largest platforms in America this
is how they think about politics this is
how they think about the people who are
in power they fawn over them because
it's like an inter circular you know
it's just if they all help each other
out and that's part of the issue is that
with all of that you're beginning to see
like you said when the mask slips just
how like incestuous this entire thing is
and just how gross that so much of the
ruling class really is whenever because
it encompasses media and politicians and
all of that that just results in the
fact where somebody can say oh it's just
an amazing doctor it's like there's so
much actually that's within that I do
want to give dr. Jill credit because as
you all probably know I think she had
maybe the most insightful comment about
the Democratic primary when she was
speaking to a group of voters and she
was like you Joe may not be your
favorite you may prefer another
candidate on something like maybe health
care yeah but you we need to swallow a
little bit and vote for Joe I'm
paraphrasing the Warner exact words
I was pretty close that ended up being
the argument that won the day right she
was very insightful this better half
alright tomorrow and rising what are we
on Sagar well we're gonna hear from the
same seat from a Seattle City Council
member she's spearheading the petition
for a new tractor Rosel on Amazon in the
city suspected to raise 300 million
dollars each year really excited to talk
to her and also joining us as Hill
reporter Reed Wilson with the latest
implications of the pandemic across the
political and economic spheres okay and
as always please make sure you like
share and subscribe right here and send
us your hashtag rising Q's hashtag
rising stories about the impact of
corona virus on your life so we can
share them here on the show and thank
you all so much for watching it you all
have a good day